c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Miumiu\Miumiu\bin\Debug\Miumiu.exe.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Miumiu\Miumiu\obj\Debug\Miumiu.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Miumiu\Miumiu\obj\Debug\Miumiu.FormMain.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Miumiu\Miumiu\obj\Debug\Miumiu.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Miumiu\Miumiu\obj\Debug\Miumiu.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Miumiu\Miumiu\bin\Debug\Miumiu.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Miumiu\Miumiu\bin\Debug\Miumiu.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Miumiu\Miumiu\bin\Debug\Accord.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Miumiu\Miumiu\bin\Debug\Accord.MachineLearning.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Miumiu\Miumiu\bin\Debug\Accord.Math.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Miumiu\Miumiu\bin\Debug\Accord.Statistics.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Miumiu\Miumiu\bin\Debug\AForge.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Miumiu\Miumiu\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Miumiu\Miumiu\bin\Debug\Deedle.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Miumiu\Miumiu\bin\Debug\FSharp.Core.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Miumiu\Miumiu\bin\Debug\Accord.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Miumiu\Miumiu\bin\Debug\Accord.MachineLearning.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Miumiu\Miumiu\bin\Debug\Accord.Math.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Miumiu\Miumiu\bin\Debug\Accord.Statistics.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Miumiu\Miumiu\bin\Debug\AForge.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Miumiu\Miumiu\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Miumiu\Miumiu\bin\Debug\Deedle.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Miumiu\Miumiu\bin\Debug\Deedle.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Miumiu\Miumiu\bin\Debug\FSharp.Core.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Miumiu\Miumiu\obj\Debug\Miumiu.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Miumiu\Miumiu\obj\Debug\Miumiu.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Miumiu\Miumiu\bin\Debug\GemBox.Spreadsheet.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Miumiu\Miumiu\bin\Debug\GemBox.Spreadsheet.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Miumiu\Miumiu\bin\Debug\encog-core-cs.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Miumiu\Miumiu\bin\Debug\Accord.dll.config
C:\Users\weerawud\OneDrive\code\Miumiu\Miumiu\bin\Debug\Miumiu.exe.config
C:\Users\weerawud\OneDrive\code\Miumiu\Miumiu\obj\Debug\Miumiu.exe
C:\Users\weerawud\OneDrive\code\Miumiu\Miumiu\obj\Debug\Miumiu.pdb
C:\Users\weerawud\OneDrive\code\Miumiu\Miumiu\bin\Debug\Accord.dll.config
C:\Users\weerawud\OneDrive\code\Miumiu\Miumiu\bin\Debug\Miumiu.exe
C:\Users\weerawud\OneDrive\code\Miumiu\Miumiu\bin\Debug\Miumiu.pdb
C:\Users\weerawud\OneDrive\code\Miumiu\Miumiu\bin\Debug\Accord.dll
C:\Users\weerawud\OneDrive\code\Miumiu\Miumiu\bin\Debug\Accord.MachineLearning.dll
C:\Users\weerawud\OneDrive\code\Miumiu\Miumiu\bin\Debug\Accord.Math.dll
C:\Users\weerawud\OneDrive\code\Miumiu\Miumiu\bin\Debug\Accord.Statistics.dll
C:\Users\weerawud\OneDrive\code\Miumiu\Miumiu\bin\Debug\AForge.dll
C:\Users\weerawud\OneDrive\code\Miumiu\Miumiu\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.dll
C:\Users\weerawud\OneDrive\code\Miumiu\Miumiu\bin\Debug\Deedle.dll
C:\Users\weerawud\OneDrive\code\Miumiu\Miumiu\bin\Debug\encog-core-cs.dll
C:\Users\weerawud\OneDrive\code\Miumiu\Miumiu\bin\Debug\GemBox.Spreadsheet.dll
C:\Users\weerawud\OneDrive\code\Miumiu\Miumiu\bin\Debug\FSharp.Core.dll
C:\Users\weerawud\OneDrive\code\Miumiu\Miumiu\bin\Debug\Accord.xml
C:\Users\weerawud\OneDrive\code\Miumiu\Miumiu\bin\Debug\Accord.MachineLearning.xml
C:\Users\weerawud\OneDrive\code\Miumiu\Miumiu\bin\Debug\Accord.Math.xml
C:\Users\weerawud\OneDrive\code\Miumiu\Miumiu\bin\Debug\Accord.Statistics.xml
C:\Users\weerawud\OneDrive\code\Miumiu\Miumiu\bin\Debug\AForge.xml
C:\Users\weerawud\OneDrive\code\Miumiu\Miumiu\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.xml
C:\Users\weerawud\OneDrive\code\Miumiu\Miumiu\bin\Debug\Deedle.pdb
C:\Users\weerawud\OneDrive\code\Miumiu\Miumiu\bin\Debug\Deedle.xml
C:\Users\weerawud\OneDrive\code\Miumiu\Miumiu\bin\Debug\GemBox.Spreadsheet.xml
C:\Users\weerawud\OneDrive\code\Miumiu\Miumiu\bin\Debug\FSharp.Core.xml
C:\Users\weerawud\OneDrive\code\Miumiu\Miumiu\obj\Debug\Miumiu.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\weerawud\OneDrive\code\Miumiu\Miumiu\obj\Debug\Miumiu.FormMain.resources
C:\Users\weerawud\OneDrive\code\Miumiu\Miumiu\obj\Debug\Miumiu.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\weerawud\OneDrive\code\Miumiu\Miumiu\obj\Debug\Miumiu.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
